I helped the leader and he really helped me save my girl.
You even came back, right?
I tell you to hurry up and fill the property with drugs.
Do you want to dissatisfy Gu Yan?
I want to promote what happened today.
What a companion to you. That’s probably what I remember.
You are a dead person.
I don't know when I found it.
I can't wait any longer.
Wait until I contact you to deal with your plan.
Can you help me track down my girl?
Just tell me.
I will let your mother die.
I just.
I'm careful to get into the calligraphy of Bu Lian.
When i some i.
Unless you let me find you, you can't help me. I'm here.
you call now
It's a mobile phone
In Hou Huayue’s old house, that’s my house
Who is the real boss?